Worldgroup v2
List Price Information

December 1996
All products listed are for
the Worldgroup platform,
unless otherwise noted.

Worldgroup

Worldgroup v2, 2-user baseline $149.00

Launch plug-and-play client/server applications from your Web site.
Includes customizable surveys, shared file libraries, group messaging,
SMTP mail and teleconference with collaborative drawing board.  Built-in
Web server software -- or use in conjunction with your existing Web
server.  Supports up to two simultaneous users via TCP/IP or dial-up
modem.  Requires 486 or Pentium-class PC, 8MB of RAM and DOS 5 or
higher.  Includes freely distributable Worldgroup Plug-in for Netscape
Navigator and Internet Explorer that will launch Windows client
applications from users' browsers.

Worldgroup v2, 8-user baseline $314.00

Support up to eight simultaneous connections via TCP/IP and dial-up
modem.

Worldgroup Internet Server $1117.00

Become an Internet Service Provider and offer dial-up users secure proxy
and dedicated SLIP/CSLIP/PPP access out to the Internet, as well as a
range of Internet services, such as ftp, telnet, rlogin, finger, NNTP
newsgroups, IRC and POP3 mail.  Includes 20-user license of Worldgroup,
Dial-Up Option, Advanced Internet Option and Dial-Out add-on.

Worldgroup Enterprise Server $5597.00

A complete online interactive software platform.  Offer online shopping
with secure credit card verification, customizable surveys, shared file
libraries, group messaging, teleconference with collaborative drawing
board, ftp, telnet, rlogin, finger, NNTP newsgroups, IRC, SMTP and POP3
mail.  Support for TCP/IP, modem, Novell LAN and ISDN callers.  Includes
128-user license of Worldgroup, Dial-Up Option, Novell LAN Option,
Advanced Internet Option, Dial-Out add-on and Omni-Mall add-on.

Connectivity Options

6-User Pack $289.00

Supports up to six additional simultaneous users.  Installs effortlessly
and leaves all existing configuration and data files intact.  Up to 42
6-User Packs can be added for a total of 256 simultaneous users (we
throw in the last two users for free).

12-User Pack $499.00

Supports up to twelve additional simultaneous users.

24-User Pack $999.00

Supports up to twenty-four additional simultaneous users.

Dial-Out $137.00

Allows users on your Worldgroup system to transparently connect to other
systems via optional connections such as TCP/IP, modems, ISDN terminal
adapters, serial links, or X.25 connections (X.25 requires the X.25
Software Option).  Compatible with the Intelligent Serial Kit and
non-intelligent serial hardware.  A flexible script language lets you
configure features or areas of other systems your users can access by
automating outgoing calls.  Scripts are created using a simple ASCII
text editor.

Dial-Up Option $207.00

Supports modem, ISDN terminal adapter and serial link access to your
Worldgroup System.

Novell LAN Option $207.00

Allows users on your Novell LAN without TCP/IP connectivity to access
your Worldgroup system.  Supports Novell NetWare IPX/SPX channels.

X.25 Software Option $697.00

Connects your system to an X.25 packet-switching network without the
need for a PAD.  Requires the PC XNet card - see X.25 Network Hardware.

Internet Applications

Advanced Internet Option $347.00

Allows you to become an Internet Service Provider when used with the
Dial-Up Option.  Provides dial-up users with proxy and dedicated
SLIP/CSLIP/PPP access out to the Internet, as well as a range of
Internet services, such as ftp, telnet, rlogin, finger, NNTP newsgroups,
IRC and POP3 mail.  Charge based on connect time or traffic or both.
Also adds ftp server to your Worldgroup server, mirroring file libraries
as ftp subdirectories automatically.

Major TCP/IP (Combo)                            $700.00 (256 Sessions)
             (Unlimited Sessions Upgrade)       $500.00 (1024 Sessions)
             (Upgrade from Outgoing to Combo)   $300.00
             (Upgrade from Incoming to Combo)   $300.00

Connect your BBS to the Internet!  Outgoing version supports
Telnet/Rlogin and FTP.  Incoming version supports incoming Telnet/
Rlogin.  Combo (In & Out) version supports Telnet/Rlogin (In & Out),
Finger client & server, FTP Client & Server, WWW Server with up to 64
TCP sessions.  Also offers SLIP to your users for Net surfing!

Web Development Tools

CGIMagic $199.00

Add CGI Scripting into your Web Pages!  - Full Basic-like scripting
language.  Support Embed CGIMagic apps right into your pages.  CGIMagic
makes form support a snap.  Update scripts while the server is up and
running!  Integrated script development environment.

CGIMagic Pro                     $399.00
CGIMagic to CGIMagic Pro Upgrade $200.00

Same as CGI Magic, but comes with the BBS Plug-in.  This adds functions
to CGIMagic Pro that allows scripts to be written to access the BBS
functions such as New User Signup from the Web without the Worldgroup
Manager.  Includes scripts for New User Signup, Page User, Registry of
Users, Logon Announcements, Account Display/Edit, List Users Online and
List Recent Callers.

Webmagic $199.00

For the Webmasters running Worldgroup Version 2.0, or Major TCP/IP...
Webmagic Web Management utility:  Easily upload/download Web Pages and
support files to their proper directories Control user access, including
drive space and file volume Track bytes sent from the home page, or user
page Generate statistics which include number of hits, bytes
transferred, etc.  Invoice users for Web parking (by bytes sent, daily,
etc.)  A must needed utility for managing Web Sites!

Web Master II $99.00

Let your callers design their own WWW pages and place them on your
system, starting them out with a starter template if needed!  Web Master
automatically builds an index HTML of all the users with areas, which
you can link into your regular web site.  Compatible with Galacticomm's
Internet Connectivity Option and Vircom's Major TCP/IP.

Add-on Options

Adventure/Strategy Games

BladeMaster $47.50 (2 user)
            $119.00 (8 user)
            $199.00 (unlimited)

BladeMaster is a detailed ANSI arena combat simulation.  Designed to
provide users with nearly endless hours of blood-racing battle.  With a
special editor included with your purchase, you can create your own
unique hordes of gibbering, vicious monsters to make your game an
exciting challenge!

Crossroads of the Elements $250.00

Crossroads is an interactive, text based fantasy game that will give
your users hundreds of hours of play!  This game has everything to keep
the die-hard adventurer happy for ages!

CyberTank $395.00

By far the most advanced war game on the BBS Market.  This game offers
your users conflict on a global scale.  Armed with custom designed
Cybertanks and their wit, your ANSI users will try to conquer a vast
continental landscape where terrain provides strategic passage for the
wise, and surreptitious ambush for the crafty.

Cyber Wumpus 2010 $99.00

A multi-player action text adventure.  With weapons and ammo collected
from the maze, players attempt to kill as many wumpus and other players
before dying themselves.

Game Connection $349.00

Now your users can play commercial and shareware modem games through
your Major BBS/Worldgroup system!  Most 2-player games work right out of
the box.  The Game Connection runs as a DLL with no additional hardware
required!  It allows an unlimited number of concurrent games to be
played.  Supports 4 player Doom and Doom II, 4 player Heretic, Descent,
most 2 player games, and much more.

Global Destruction $125.00

Sure, the cold war is over - but now everybody and his dog has nuclear
capability!  Players square off against other users and ruthless
computer opponents in a world filled with missiles, anti-missiles, jet
fighters, bombers, spies, propaganda, secrets, brainwashing, and more
radiation than any other Worldgroup game!

Lost Caverns of Miczyk $399.00

Lost Caverns is the role playing game for Worldgroup that allows your
users to build the game as they play!  You control who can create rooms,
monsters, items, spells and moves!  Some of the hundreds of features
include:  * Up to 24 fully configurable races!

Mutants $199.00

Over 15,000 rooms to roam, 500 different monsters, spells and time
travel.  There are 79 levels of play and 5 player classes.  Users set up
and buy stores, acquire weapons, trade items and more!  Comes with a Map
editor, Item/Monster editor and Theme editor so that you can change the
concept of the game!

NovaTrek $99.00

NovaTrek is a full-featured spaced adventure game.  NovaTrek puts your
users in the Captain's chair of their own spaceship to scour the galaxy
for uncharted planets, dangerous aliens, starbases and adventure!

Oltima 2000 - "The Quest for the Holy Grail" $249.00

The ultimate full ANSI graphics adventure game with thousands of rooms,
monsters, cities, dungeons, towers, castles and every imaginable option
in a real time user vs. user environment.  Users compete to find the
Holy Grail by killing the 7 magical Dragons and obtaining the 7 jeweled
rings.

Trade Wars 2002 $400.00 (Multi)
                $200.00 (Single)

Trade Wars 2002 is a game of starships, trading, corporations, aliens,
and galactic conquest.  Players begin their quest for fame and fortune
with only their wits, a few credits in their pocket, and a shiny new
merchant cruiser.

World Domination $149.00

The strategic war game where you must take over other countries using
militant logic.  Up to 8 players can play at once in any active game or
take turns over a period of time.  Interaction is possible between the
two platforms of Client/Server and ANSI users.  Features:  Toolbar with
balloon help, Content Sensitive help, Full Feature Animation and
Graphics, Scrollable World Strategy Map, Intuitive User Control -
Central Command, Sound Card Support.

World Wide War $139.00

The goal of this game is to conquer the world.  Countries may be
attacked and conquered from bordering countries as players deploy troops
on countries they hold.  Reinforcement troops are awarded based on the
number of countries occupied and bonus troops are given for holding an
entire continent.

Zorgon $30.00 (2 user)
       $77.00 (8 user)
       $129.00 (unlimited)

Fully interactive multiplayer text adventure designed exclusively as an
add-on game module for Worldgroup.  It is similar, in a way, to such
games as Zork, Deadline, etc.  The key difference being that many
players may be in the game all at once, in REAL TIME!

Advertising Utilities

Ad Master  $29.00 (2 user)
           $79.00 (8 user)
           $129.00 (unlimited)

Broadcast messages and/or advertisements anywhere on your system, at any
time.  Broadcasts can be in text and/or ANSI format Ads can be created
and changed online.  Great for sending those subliminal thoughts, or for
announcing upcoming activities and specials to your ANSI users!

Worldgroup Bulletins $49.95

Create Bulletins for C/S of A/A users.  Can be read online or offline.
Built in mini-word processor.

Worldgroup Bulletins Pro $129.95

All the features of the above product plus much more.  Add .BMP, .WMF,
.DIB graphics to bulletins.  Create groups of users to specialize
bulletins.

Billing and Accounting

900 Service Package Free!

900 Link is the premier phone billing module that allows your users to
gain immediate access to your service.  Our menu driven service allows
complete configuration of classes, credits, and keys.  Our service also
offers the largest payout in the industry and even your own phone number
when specific volumes are met.

Accounting Automation $39.00

Accept 900 number calls, validate credit cards and even issue
subscription codes.  Accounting Automation also allows you to make
certificates containing subscription codes for any monetary amount which
you can then give away or sell to your users.

Autosubscription $100.00

Allows you to set up recurring billing of your users.  Requires
EZCharge.

Charge Card Manager $69.95

The only credit card utility you will ever need.  Charge Card keeps
track of all histories including purchases, reference numbers and
authorization codes.  Other features include automatic approval, credit
lines, and up to 10 configurable membership options to sell.

CheckMan $49.00

Allows you to take "online checks" utilizing the services of American
Transaction Services (ATS).  A user simply inputs his checking account
number and CheckMan takes care of the rest.

EZCharge $199.00

The premier credit card billing module that allows your users to gain
instant access to your BBS with the most convenience.  The menu of
services is tailored to each class of user on the BBS, giving the Sysop
virtually unlimited configurability.  VisaMan can optionally post
credits to the user, switch his class, and give him expireable keys.
Credit card orders can be instantly processed online when used with the
POS Dial Module.

M.I.D.A.S. $249.00

The Multi-functional Interactive Debit and Account Service is unique in
many ways when compared to other account management/sales applications
currently available for The Major BBS and Worldgroup.  M.I.D.A.S.
accepts payment in the form of any major credit card AND/OR checks when
processing through ATS.  M.I.D.A.S. allows funds to be applied to a
debit account for future purchases, including the sale of class changes,
credits, keys, and time duration keys.  M.I.D.A.S. supports ASCII/ANSI,
RIP and Worldgroup interface formats.

POS Dial Module $250.00

POS Dial Module brings the capability to perform end to end transaction
processing to The Major BBS.  This module functions as an interface
between DataSafe's VisaMan and Omni-Mall applications and the credit
card processing networks.

Board Games

Cross-Wordz $239.95

The ultimate interactive word game.  Players compete in a 15x15 grid to
place words they create from a combination of tiles.  You can have an
unlimited number of games being played simultaneously and up to five
players can play in each game.  User scores are kept in a database to
maintain the top ten list.  You can add and remove words from the
dictionary, allowing you to control the difficulty level.

FOURmation $49.00

Bring the excitement of vertical checkers to your system.  Callers
attempt to become the first player to get four tiles in a row either
vertically, horizontally or diagonally.

Professional Backgammon $159.95

One of the most popular interactive games for Worldgroup.  Everyone
knows how to play Backgammon and we've made it even easier with all the
click-and-drag features.  This Backgammon game even uses the Double Dice
for challenges.  Players can participate in up to 10 games
simultaneously with an unlimited number of spectators watching.  You can
configure the maximum numbers of days a game can be played and the
number of days before deleting an old game.

Sea Battle $59.00 (2 user)
           $99.00 (8 user)
           $129.00 (unlimited)

An adaptation of the popular board game Battleship, Sea Battle pits
player vs. player (or player vs. computer) in a contest of strategy and
skill.  Issue a challenge, set up your fleet, man your battle stations,
and fire away!  Sink your opponent's ships before he sinks yours.  A fun
and addictive game for users of all ages.

Spot $60.00

"Divide and conquer" takes on a new meaning in the client/server version
of this board game.  Players start on variable sized grids with random
obstacles thrown about for added complexity.  They jump one of their
pieces to an opening two squares away, or break a piece into two pieces
to fill an adjoining space.  All pieces neighboring the new piece are
turned to your color.  Other players can watch games in progress, or
check out the high score list.

Tournament Checkers $149.95

Checkers uses real international rules for play which include forced
jumping, backward jumping and many more rules that make Checkers a real
competition.  Features include ANSI, ASCII, RIP and C/S graphics, top
ten list, teleconference mode, and individual scores.

Tournament Chess $159.95

Chess players have enjoyed this game for years.  This game offers every
feature of Chess including castling, empassant and more.  This chess
game uses the National Chess Federation rating in points starting
everyone at 1000.  Players can choose from a 2-D or 3-D chess board and
can chat with each other during game play.  You can configure the
maximum number of days a game can be played and the number of days
before deleting an old game.

Tournament Othello $149.95

Othello features an unlimited number of games, high scores, ANSI, ASCII,
RIP and C/S graphics with many other features.  Othello has a built in
chat mode for chatting.  Other users can watch any game in progress or
check out whose ranked highest on the top ten list.

Calendars

Agenda $199.00

Agenda for Worldgroup is an online calendar application, offering public
and personal scheduling capabilities to you and your users.  With
powerful features such as unlimited category filtering and recurring
event support, Agenda is your best solution for online scheduling needs.
Events can be designated as private, public, or can directed to a
pre-configured distribution list.

Card Games

Card Sharks $69.95

The object of the game is to finish with the largest amount of cash
possible.  You begin with $250 in cash and must go through 5 levels of
betting.

Crib $149.00

This is an all time favorite card game better known as "Cribbage"
available in Worldgroup and The Major BBS.  Users can play multiple
games at once in real time or they can take a few turns each day.  Games
are saved daily to allow for play over a period of time.  This game
allows "skunks" and follows the rules of Cribbage.  Features:  Graphical
Chat Lounge, Toolbar with balloon help, Sound Support, Graphics and
Animation, Content Sensitive help, Real time or Turn-Style Play and up
to 300 Active games.

Hearts $39.95

This interactive card game requires a minimum of three players needed to
play.  The object of the game is to accumulate zero points while playing
out the cards.  Points include all the heart cards and the Queen of
Spade.

Klondike Solitaire $59.00 (2 user)
                   $99.00 (8 user)
                   $129.00 (unlimited)

A classic rendition of the ever popular Solitaire card game.  Users have
the ability to save a game that they are in the middle of and return to
it later.  Klondike's progressive pot is automatic with monthly payoffs
and score resets.  Statistical reports are automatically generated for
the Sysop's use and information.

Liar $39.95

An interactive card game that is very popular in colleges.  Liar
requires at least three players and is played in a teleconference mode.
Players discard cards according to sequence (1, 2, 3,...  J, Q, K).  The
object of the game is to discard all cards.  Users can lie when
discarding cards, but can also get caught!

Databases

Form Manager $495.00

Form Manager lets you present online forms to your ASCII, ANSI, and
Worldgroup client users.  Each form is an 80 character by 24 line input
screen that you design.  For users who access the form using Worldgroup
client software, the form is automatically converted to a graphical
interface.  Form information can also be routed by e- mail to a person
you specify.

Genesys $995.00

Allows you to create 24-bit color multimedia databases on your
Worldgroup system!  Since Genesys supports Windows Interface Protocol
(WIP), in addition to an ANSI interface, your end-users will be able to
access your database with a true all Windows interface, and you can
still offer your service to non-Windows callers.  With simple GenScript
configuration files, you can custom design your own application with
embedded graphics, text files, and sound files, or select one of our
turnkey applications like the Product Catalog, Auto Seller, Residential
Real Estate or the Match Maker.

Genesys Product Catalog Module $395.00

Preconfigured database for selling virtually any product using Genesys.

Genesys Real Estate Module $395.00

Preconfigured database for selling real estate using Genesys.

Genesys WIP Builder $195.00

Make your own Genesys database with WIP!

InfiBase for Worldgroup    $695.00
InfiBase for The Major BBS $695.00

Hierarchical database that can meet multiple needs for Worldgroup
Sysops.  You can design any application requiring collection and
dissemination of data that can be classified in a hierarchy.  You don't
have to be a programmer, InfiBase is more than just pictures too – you
can have sound, animation, images and video clips.  Supports BMP, JPG,
GIF, PCX, TIF, Photo CD, FLI, FLC, AWA, WAV, RMI, MIDI, AVI, AVS and
QuickTime movies.  InfiBase tracks usage statistics such as what they've
read, written, and responded to.

Log Master $39.95

Now you can keep track of all your callers including their baud rate,
line number, date of call, time of call, and caller number.
Configurable number of callers up to 50,000 . Includes a global "last 20
callers" and the ability to search for a user's log info.

MajorNet Registry $39.00

MajorNet Registry allows your users to fill out a registry that will be
sent over the MajorNet and to look up other MajorNet users, using the
global look up function from systems that also run the registry.
Features search by User ID, Node ID, or keyword.

MajorNet Registry Plus $89.00

The Registry allows you and your customers to send information about
themselves to be searched by others using your MailLink network.

Marketplace $299.00

Marketplace is a user-friendly, menu-driven classified advertising
database.  Advertisers can include a picture (GIF, JPG, TIFF, PCX, etc.)
with each advertisement.  Callers can be notified when logging on that
new ads were posted in specified categories.  Marketplace allows you to
charge by the word or by the ad.  Collect payments by credit card or by
deducting credits and/or days from the user's account.  Credit card
charges can be instantly processed online when used with the POS Dial
Module.

Newsroom $80.00

Write news articles, system announcements, and other messages for your
users to receive the next time they log on.  Attach each message to a
specific key or class, allowing you to control who sees which messages.
Sysops or appointed editors can create messages in ASCII/ANSI or
client/server mode that contain colors or bold/italic text, expire after
a certain number of days, have attached files, and much more.

Online Employment $119.00

Allows the users of your system to find a job, or an employee to fill a
position by listing their position or qualification and/or using the
matching capabilities to locate a position or employee.

Online Publisher  $995.00
Multimedia Add-on $300.00
Builder License   $100.00

Online Publisher allows you to provide documents to your readers
electronically.  Features:  cheap and fast dispersal of information,
freedom from space limitations, increased interactivity, multimedia
capabilities, electronic mail communication between readers and journal
staff.  Allows you to organize documents in a way that is convenient for
your readers.  The parts of a publication are segmented so that readers
only need to download the pieces they are interested in.

Dice Games

Pig $39.95

Users compete for high score by rolling the dice.  One of the simplest
games on the market that results in high system usage.  Users roll two
dice and accumulate points based on the face of the dice.  User losses
their turn and current points on that turn when they roll a 7. Users can
compete against each other or Mr. Pig.  While playing, users can also
talk.

Yahtzee $39.00 (2 user)
        $79.00 (8 user)
        $99.00 (unlimited)

Our electronic version of the popular dice game!  Players roll simulated
dice to form combinations of numbers to score points.  Uses ANSI
graphics to display dice if the users configuration is set up for IBM or
compatible machines, otherwise, ASCII text graphics are used.
Client/Server users get a full graphical interface!  A top ten list lets
players compete for high scores.  New multiple Yahtzee feature allows
for unlimited high scores.

Yahtzee $19.95

Yahtzee plays just like the board game.  The object being to get the
highest score in each category with a maximum of three rolls.

End-User Utilities

ADP Phone Lister $99.00

Lets your users look up their local ADP AutoNet access numbers online!
Your users can search for access numbers based on their state or area
code.  The ADP Phone Lister includes a configurable instruction file for
rates and dialing directions.  Phone numbers can be added/deleted/edited
online.

Autopost for The Major BBS $25.00

Autopost allows your users to leave messages to the next few users that
logon.  Messages are added to the list until the configurable amount is
reached and then old messages are removed in favor of new messages.

BBS Lister $69.00

Allows you to define up to 10 different BBS lists that your users can
update with their favorite BBS phone numbers.  Perfect doe Sysops that
get asked for additional BBS numbers, or to consolidate advertisements
from other system operators.

Chat Now $125.00

Chat Now is a global split screen multi-session chat mode.  Chat takes
place in the top two screens, the third window allows the users to do
anything on the BBS while still chatting!  Your users will love not
having to stop what they were doing!

Chat on Demand $149.00

This utility allows users to request private chats from anywhere on your
BBS.  Users can decline chats and give reasons why.  While in this chat,
users can also page others or use other globals.

Command Center $69.00 (2 user)
               $119.00 (8 user)
               $149.00 (unlimited)

Command Center is by far one of the most important modules you could add
to your system.  It offers dozens of global commands to your users.
Telegrams, global chat, broadcasts, and log-off messages are just a few
of Command Center's many features.  Includes over 50 different global
commands.  Sysop utilities allow for global class and key changes,
suspensions, and deletions, global credit posting and much more.  Great
for any Worldgroup System!

Credit Exchange $39.00

Credit Exchange lets users trade in days for credits and let them enjoy
games of chance and risk credits (as well as earning yourself some money
in the process!).  You configure how many credits are given for each day
exchanged.  If users win credits, they can also use Credit Exchange to
transfer them back into days.

E-Mail Attachment Protocol $79.00

This add-on file transfer protocol will prompt the user for an e-mail
address and then send one or more files to that address.  If you have an
Internet connection, telnetting users can send files through Internet
e-mail to a remote address.  They can later download those files without
having to waste time with lagging telnet transfers.  The system doesn't
require the user to use up a valuable channel waiting for the transfer.


File Viewer 2 $79.00

Display text files to any length to your users.  Users may scroll up and
down a line at a time or a page at a time, go to the beginning or end of
the document, or even search for keywords in the text file.  Using the
menuing system and File Viewer, you may add menu options which
immediately pulls up files for users in File Viewer.  File Viewer also
allows users to download text files if desired.

Flower Shop $99.00

Let romance bloom by letting your users send their sweethearts
electronic ANSI flowers!  Get-well wishes, birthday greetings, and
Valentines can also be sent all at Sysop configurable pricing.

Global Actions $39.95

Users can send kisses across the system to other users without being in
teleconference!  Unlimited number of words can be added directly online
including keys for each word.  Global Actions creates separate Action
Lists based on Key Name.  Includes 200+ words with regular and adult
keys.  Also includes a generic Global command that allows users to send
whatever they want to another user.  This is one of the most widely used
option for BBSes.

Global Power $99.00

A complete package of global commands for Worldgroup.  Global Power
commands can be executed from just about any prompt on your BBS and
provide you with many functions that most Sysops can't do without!
Upgrades from previous versions available.

Global Teleconference for Worldgroup $99.00

A necessity for any multi-line BBS, the Global Teleconference offers
your users to use up to thirty-six chatter channels simultaneously, no
matter where they are on the BBS!  Users can use action words, set up
default channels, and even go into an "in chat" mode!  Invisible Sysops
can still enjoy discussions in Global Teleconference without worry!

Graffiti Wall for Worldgroup    $50.00
Graffiti Wall for The Major BBS $25.00

Let your users leave anonymous one-line messages that are available to
be viewed in a rainbow of colors.  Graffiti Wall is accessible from the
menu tree or globally.  Sysop commands put you in charge.

Mercury $29.00

Tired of those boring page windows in Worldgroup's client/server mode?
Mercury is a small utility which replaces those pop-ups with scrolling
chat windows.  Each time a user receives a page, a window is created for
the paging user.  Further pages from the same user are routed to the
same window, creating a tiny scrolling chat.

Modem to Modem $29.00

Modem to Modem is a very simple module that allows two users on your BBS
to go into a direct terminal to terminal connection.  Modem games don't
know the difference between connected through the BBS with Modem to
Modem or being connected directly.  Users in a Modem to Modem session
can play virtually all modem to modem games or even transfer files
directly.

Multi-Chat $125.00

Multi-Chat permits your users to be in a live, keystroke by keystroke
chat with up to three other users.  Their screen is split into four
separate areas, one per user.

QuickBar $74.95

QuickBar is a highly configurable tool bar with up to 50 buttons for
your client/server users.  Makes navigation around your Worldgroup
system simple and easy.  Built in options for who's online, recent
callers, system announcements, and registry lookup.  Run any Worldgroup
or Windows application with the click of a button.  Comes with 200
icons, but more can be added.

Quicksilver $30.00

Make quickscan configuration a snap with this full-screen ANSI utility.

The Doctor $99.00

An interactive teleconference personality.  Now your BBS can have its
own psychologist!

User Commissions $99.00

Now wannabe Sysops can put their money where their mouth is.  This
module lets you offer a commission in credits for your system for usage
they get others to generate!  You select particular modules and the
users who can receive commission based on the usage generated that day
for the module.  Commissions can be given for time spent online, credits
used, or a combination of both.

User Lookup $29.95

Small and simple module lets your users look up old friends based on
real name or User ID.

Ultra Colors $25.00

Let your users give your system more character and flavor by adding
color and extended ASCII to your BBS!  By using Ultra Colors, you can
spice up your teleconference, pages, whispers, forums, registries,
e-mail, and most other places on your BBS where color would give it a
little kick.  Ultra Colors works anywhere that uses line-by-line input!

Ultra Globals $199.00

Ultra Globals is the ultimate globals package available!  Ultra Globals
offers you over 100 features, each globally accessible and fully
configurable.  Each command, its description, and key can be custom
configured, as well as disabled!  User commands include logon and logoff
notification, Ultra-Grams (a mini global e-mail system), Full Screen
Editor auto-busy, detailed (and fully user configurable) user
information lookups, recent caller lists, a complete power macro system,
user definable user lists, and more!

Wake-up $79.00

Lets your users set up a wakeup call and allows your server to call and
wake them up!  You can charge credits by the call or allow users to buy
"WakeUp Tokens" in bulk.  This is a great feature to your online
service!  Worldgroup compatible.

Who's on Worldgroup $74.95

Auto updating who's online list displays status such as channel, User
ID, sex, class, and current module.  You can Lookup/Edit a users account
whether they are on or off-line, look up users registry entries, page
users, change classes and give or take away keys.  Supports auto startup
and shutdown and a toolbar with tooltips.

Worldgroup Client Companion $149.00

The Worldgroup Client Companion is your users "Swiss Army Knife" to be
used from within the Worldgroup Client.  Features include
viewing/playing of any kind of file, decompressing of almost any archive
format, creating of ZIP archives, slide show mode and a calendar.  Full
support of Microsoft Windows Drag & Drop options.

Worldgroup Statistics $149.00

Worldgroup Statistics shows your users the real power of Worldgroup,
with dazzling graphics, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Line charts and so on.
Every single chart can be saved and printed with a single mouse click.

Fax Applications

EZ-Fax $59.00

EZ-Fax breaks through the problems created with command concatenation in
Fax/Online.  With EZ-Fax, you set up a menu option as a module page and
enter the fax document file name (and path, if needed) in the command
string.  When the user selects the command from your menu, they're
prompted for their fax phone number and the fax document is on its way!

FaxBlaster $179.00

FaxBlaster brings fax distribution power to your Worldgroup system.
Distribute a single fax to a large number of people.  FaxBlaster lets
you create and edit distribution lists online, through its own
interface, or to import them from comma-delimited text files.

Fax Importer $199.00

Fax Importer lets you generate fax requests from a source external to
your Major BBS or Worldgroup platform.  Requires Fax/Online.

Fax/Online $174.00

Provides an outgoing online fax service for your system.  Users can fax
pre-scanned images and ASCII text files from your document database,
view or print faxes from the built-in viewer, inquire about fax rate
charges, and send copies to others.  Requires EIA Class 2 or 2.0 CCITT
Group 3 fax modems.

FT-Fax Protocol $149.00

FT-Fax Protocol adds a new download protocol option to your existing
file library.  Custom text and fax file extension recognition.  Customer
access to FT-Fax Protocol can be key controlled.  Optional detailed or
summary audit trail logging.  Optional credit charges.  Requires
Fax/Online.

Gambling Games

Casino $44.50 (2 user
       $111.00 (8 user)
       $185.00 (unlimited)

The Casino is a multiplayer game featuring five popular card games:  7
card stud, 5 card draw, 5 card stud, Jacks or Better, and Blackjack.
Players enter through the lounge where they can talk with other players
and sip drinks before heading for the tables.  Casino employees are
always there, to make sure the patrons are happy.

Progressive Slots $29.00 (2 user)
                  $59.00 (8 user)
                  $79.00 (unlimited)

Bring the excitement of Las Vegas slot machines to your system!  An
animated Client/Server, ANSI, and ASCII slot machine puts the finishing
touches on the game.  The C/S version even has sounds, so your users
will really feel like they're in Vegas.

Roulette $129.95

Play Las Vegas style Roulette using RIP, ANSI and C/S modes.  Place your
bet on a color, column, row or other group of variations.  Watch as Lady
Luck spins the wheel.  Easy to use C/S mode to place bets on table.
Automatic wheel spin by computer with alert messages.

Sports Pool $99.00

The Sports Pool has options for an office pool, pick-em, tailgate party
chat and winner stats with unlimited pools for ANY sport during ANY
season.  Up to 65,500 different teams can be entered and up to 200
weekly schedules can be created with 14 games per schedule.  Comes
pre-loaded with NFL, NBA, MLB and NHL teams.

Video Blackjack $99.95

Play head on against the house computer.  Select your type of bet and
play the real 21 Blackjack.  Features double down, split and dealer
stays on 17 and above.  You can configure the minimum and maximum bets
and whether your users play with real credits or pseudo-credits.  Runs
in ANSI, ASCII and C/S modes.

Video Poker $39.00 (2 user)
            $79.00 (8 user)
            $99.00 (unlimited)

This massive money maker offers a progressive pot and detailed Sysop
reports.  Since this module is 100% global in design, it can be played
anywhere on your system.  Video Poker has full Sysop configurability
from pay off odds to the optional progressive Royal Flush Jackpot, with
minimum and maximum credit setting levels.  A "bet remember" feature
keeps it easy for users to play.  Features full BMP/ANSI cards to users
who can support client/server or ANSI.  A Sysop only report option will
keep track of how much profit you have made.

Video Poker $99.95

A full ANSI and C/S graphics computer poker machine.  Uses standard
casino payoffs of Jacks or better for 1:1, two pairs for 2:1, three of a
kind for 3:1, etc.  Users can also play Video Poker globally from
anywhere on your system!  Configurable 5th coin Royal Straight Flush
Jackpot and Cost per Coins.

Games and Entertainment

Anonymous Teleconference $99.00

An interesting variation of teleconference where users do not know who
said what.  Each users gets to pick an alias which can be used for
messages, whispering and action words.  Users can be made to go
invisible, so that nobody knows what users are involved in the anonymous
teleconference!  A special blackout mode turns off the aliases, so that
the teleconference can become totally anonymous!

Bartender $99.00

In this exciting global game, users own and operate their own bar!
Computer simulated customers enter the bar and order a random drink.
Any user that can make the drink will be paid!  Tips are based on how
fast they can make the drink!  Users keep stock and learn how to make
hundreds of real drinks!

BBSopoly $139.95

BBSopoly plays just like your favorite board game.  Users compete to
purchase all the BBSes they can and build them up.  Everything you would
want in a monopolistic game!  Full ANSI graphics allows great visuals
for users.  This game features chat, unlimited games and top ten
listing.

Blox $39.50 (2 user)
     $99.00 (8 user)
     $165.00 (unlimited)

Fit the falling shapes together to form solid rows across the chute and
score points.  The more rows you complete, the faster the shapes fall!
ANSI game is very similar to the ever-popular game of Tetris.

Electronic Fairways $12.00 (2 user)
                    $29.90 (8 user)
                    $49.00 (unlimited)

Nice little text golfing game.  The course features many different
obstacles such as sand traps, ponds, rough areas, and trees.

Entertainment Collection $207.00

Includes the Action Teleconference, a chat extravaganza with action
words, sounds and images; multiplayer text adventures, ANSI-graphics,
Flash and teleconference games; and more.

Field Goal Challenge $49.00

A football-type kicking game, kick field goals from the 10, 20, 30, 40,
or 50 yard line against various wind speeds.  Users with sound cards
will be booed, cheered, and when the ball is snapped will hear the
quarterback cadence.  If you have football fans on your system, this
program is a must.

Food Fight $165.00

Your users are hungry for Teleconference games, and there's nothing like
a wild and messy food fight to satisfy them.  They'll go bananas as ANSI
food images actually cover their screens!

Gunfighter $149.00

The wild west teleconference game, also known as "Brawl" by many users
starts players off with a couple of guns and some ammo.  Players gain
improved fighting abilities as they compete to be "Top Gun."  Players
develop improved fighting abilities as they rise through the ranks from
"Greenhorn" to "Gunslinger".

Horse Track $129.95

This full featured online track is one of a kind.  Features all bet
types such as win, place, show, perfecta, quinella, trifecta,
superfecta, daily double, trifecta key and many others.  Horse Track
comes with a full database of horses with grades that are configurable.
Full teleconference and during the races you can actually see the horses
go across your screen.

Instant Lotto $29.95

Our lotto is like the scratch ticket type where 6 boxes appear.  If
three of the same prize appear in the 6 boxes, then the user wins that
prize.

Jumble Madness $99.95

The easiest interactive game to play.  Users compete against each other
to unscramble a word displayed by the computer.  Every 15 seconds the
computer displays a letter hint to help the users solve the puzzle.
Jumble includes a top ten list of the best players and keeps track of
individual scores.  Users can also chat while playing Jumble.

Major Goose $100.00

Major Goose is a "choose your own adventure" program that can handle
simultaneous stories.  Each story starts with a single "page" to start
the ball rolling.  The story grows and grows.

Mancala $99.00

Easy to learn, but hard to master.  In this game, the goal is to get
more stones in your Mancala then your opponent.  Be warned:  this game
is highly addictive!

MicroMind $39.95

The object of the game is to guess a number which has been chosen at
random and is hidden from you by the computer.  You make your guess on
the basis of clues given to you.

Mouse Trap $39.95

Users compete in a pre-generated maze to find the end of the puzzle.
Unlimited number of mazes are created in a FULL ANSI graphics screen.
Top ten scores are kept for wins and also for the fastest time out of
the maze!

Pacdude $79.00

Much like the classic video game.  Users can dart around the maze eating
dots, and ghosts, and advancing levels.  Pacdude will keep track of the
top ten players to ensure competition.  Worldgroup compatible, ANSI
mode.

Ringmasters $149.00

Head-to-head boxing.  Your users square off against each other in a
boxing ring, complete with referee.  Others can watch the action from
ringside.  Online head-to-head competition at its best.  Sysop option
lets you create your own boxers.

Super Hangman $49.00

Super Hangman not only follows the rules of the traditional game, but
also blends in a level of education learning.

Tic-Tac-Toe $19.95

This old time favorite plays other users or the computer in a FULL
SCREEN ANSI color game.  Keeps track of individual scores and a top ten
list.

Worldgroup Hangman $29.95

Has a dictionary of over 15,000 words. 4 difficulty levels.  Keeps a top
ten list.  Easy to use and fun for everyone.

Linking

InterLink $36.00 (2 user)
          $89.00 (8 user)
          $149.00 (unlimited)

Connect your system to another InterLink system and let the fun begin.
This module allows you to link our special InterLink Teleconference area
with other systems that also have InterLink.  InterLink allows for
whispering, actions, pages, and more across the teleconference link to
other users.

WorldLink Cross-Wordz $49.95

Cross-Wordz module that you can play across WorldLink.

WorldLink Jumble Madness $29.95

Jumble module that you can play across WorldLink.

WorldLink Package $99.95

The software you'll need to start connecting to WorldLink.  WorldLink
allows you to share e-mail, forums, and teleconference chats with other
WorldLink Systems.

Mail Tools and Networking

Bulk-Mail $49.95

Just as the name implies, Bulk-Mail lets you send mail, in bulk, to as
many users as you wish.  Send mail to users based on class, key, sex,
age, or any combination of the four.  All items have defaults that make
sending mail easy.  You can change the "from" field to avoid replies.
Messages are not sent until the user logs on, so you won't end up
wasting hordes of disk space.

Form Editor $75.00

Combines intelligent mail merge capabilities together with the standard
Major BBS text editor and distribution lists to form a powerful tool.

MailLink                           $149.00
MailLink 4 (with file attachments) $249.00

With MailLink, you can connect to the world via MajorNet or connect your
system with a private network.  MajorNet has hundreds of customer,
Sysop, and ISV support forums available.  MajorNet allows you and your
customers to share ideas and problems with others all over the world.
Features:  Unattended Mail Transfer, Real time background operation,
Public newsgroups/forums, auto scheduler for 100% hands off operation.

Mountain Mail $249.00

Let anybody retrieve information about your products.  Support your
customers worldwide.  With the automatic e- mail responder, you can send
"I'm away/back" messages.  Keep your partner or colleagues informed with
the automatic e-mail copy.  Use e-mail to send fax messages.  Let your
users create their own cover pages.  Full screen forum selector and
quickscan configuration.  The default quickscan is ideal for new users.
ANSI-users can use the global address book.

Online Dating

Audio/Visual Registry $149.00

A/V Registry is a multimedia-enhanced user registry for your Worldgroup
system.  Graphic and sound file attachments help flesh out your users'
registry entries, while A/V Registry's Web page utility creates and
maintains a version of your User Registry on the World Wide Web.  Each
user registry entry can include an associated bitmap graphic and .WAV
sound file, and A/V Registry can be configured to require Sysop approval
before making any of these attachments public.

Match Maker $179.00

This features unlimited questionnaires, multiple choice, text or mixed
responses, anonymous mail, online questionnaire editing, key
restrictions, searches based on age and sex, and much more.  The most
flexible dating module available!

Multimedia Registry $199.00

Multimedia Registry is the ultimate user registry database!  Supercharge
your online service with sights, sounds and online configurability.  In
addition to answering Sysop-defined questions, callers can include a
picture (GIF, JPG, TIFF, PCX, etc.) of themselves along with a sound
clip (WAV).  The Worldgroup client includes integrated image viewing and
sound playing along with context-sensitive help.

Online Shopping

Omni-Mall with POS Dial for Worldgroup    $697.00
Omni-Mall without POS Dial for Worldgroup $499.00
Omni-Mall for The Major BBS               $299.00

A complete online shopping system allowing you to sell your products
online and/or rent space to other merchants.  Omni-Mall supports sales
of products, services, and software files.  Up to three pictures (GIF,
JPG, TIFF, PCX, etc.) of each product can be included.  Orders can be
faxed to merchants when used with the Fax/Online module.  Credit card
orders can be instantly processed online with the POS Dial module.

Zephyr $349.00

Zephyr is an online shopping mall application for your Worldgroup
system.  Featuring an intuitive user interface and small, compiled
client, Zephyr makes online shopping a breeze.  Zephyr's compact,
compiled client (under 500k) provides all of the functionality and
flexibility of other shopping mall applications that are anywhere from 3
to 8 times its size, without the torturously long download time.  Plus,
it actually operates at up to ten times the speed of other shopping
add-ons.

Puzzle Games

Guess What $39.00 (2 user)
           $79.00 (8 user)
           $99.00 (unlimited)

Players compete for high scores on the top ten list by guessing hidden
words or phrases.  Five categories of puzzle types include:  words,
things, people, places, and phrases.  Each player plays 5 rounds, and is
given a puzzle to solve which is chosen at random.  Players accumulate
points throughout the game by correctly guessing the hidden letters
until they can give the correct answer.

Master of Minds $49.00

Users play puzzles or talk back and forth in the Master of Minds lounge!
Users must guess a color combination generated by the computer.  The
more consecutive wins, the closer the user comes to defeating the Master
of Minds.  High score lists show the best users and credit prizes
encourage the user to keep trying!  Features:  Toolbar with balloon
help, Sound Support with Awesome Effects, Graphics and Animation.

Totally Puzzled $99.00

New!  Totally Puzzled will keep you your users busy for hours!  Users
must try to solve various puzzle images configured by you!  Access to
the puzzles may be configure by key and category.  Have a children's
section, an adult section, etc.  Credit prizes may be awarded for each
level.  Three modes of play - Easy, Medium, and Hard.  Scores/Credits
may be configured in each level.  Supports TIF, TGA, BMP, DIB, PCX, JPG,
OLE, FIF, and FTTT picture files.  Worldgroup client/server only.

Wheel of Fame $149.00

Like the popular game show, Wheel of Fame lets users solve puzzles by
buying vowels, guessing letters and attempting to solve phrases.  The
more users, the higher the score multiples!  Users may win credits if a
certain score is reached (configurable).  A high score list keeps track
of top players!  Users may also chat and execute action commands to one
another in the Wheel of Fame lounge.

Sysop Utilities

AMS DOS Shell $99.00

A Minor Shell - DOS shell emulation allows Sysop (and optionally the
users) of a Major BBS to come as close to dropping to a DOS shell as
possible.

AutoRate $99.00

AutoRate is a credit rate surcharge utility which provides surcharge
capabilities to the Sysop based on channel group, time of day and day of
week.  In addition to credit surcharges, AutoRate will also provide
automatic class switching based on channel group and current class.

Auto Validator $80.00

Verify your users' sign-up information automatically, giving them quick
access to your system!  Users go through a transparent validation
process by phone, or receive a 4-digit access code in the mail!  Checks
for bad numbers and multiple handles per phone number.

BBS Listing $39.95

Keeps track of BBS information entered by user, by phone number, city,
state and zip code.

BSI Guest for Worldgroup $149.00

With BSI Guest, you can create a guest ID that people will enter upon
connecting to your system.  No password, sign-up questions or access
changes are required.  You can use the Guest ID or whatever might suit
the theme of your system.  This has also been used for Telnet and FTP
systems to allow special access for those accessing a system through the
Internet.  Publish your guest ID in advertisements for your system and
see how much your usage increases.  You can now create New User-IDs for
people on the fly, attach a file to a User-ID from the command prompt
and there's even an intelligence remote directory feature, with
point-and-click change directory and file displaying built in.

CD Express $69.00

Made especially for Major CD, CD-Express makes logging in files so easy,
it's almost fun and you won't dread adding or changing discs.  CD
Express is a utility that will create Login Script, Btrieve, Menu and
ALLFILES files for your Major CD system!  This simple to use program
extracts information from CD's that other products simply would
eliminate or crash while attempting to import.  Unlike other products,
CD Express physically reads your CDROM and extracts the file date and
size for you.  This eliminates the problem of incorrect file dates or
sizes that are listed with commas and other formatting characters or
having to merge DIR listings into descriptor files that don't include
the file sizes.

Console Lock $30.00

Lock your main system console from prying eyes and fingers.  Password
protect your system and activate one of several screen savers to make
sure there is no unauthorized access to your system while you are gone.

Console Lock $49.00

Lock your console tight!  Require a name and password check each time a
user access the console.  Ensure that your system is safe and sound.

DMA Server                                  $700.00
DMA Unlimited Upgrade (must own DMA server) $500.00

The Distributed Machine Architecture (DMA) allows you to distribute part
of your Worldgroup services and DLLs to other computers on your local
area network (or to other sites on the Internet) while making this
transparent to your users.  This way, you can keep the very fast and
stable main BBS busy answering your modems, while the more
hardware-intensive modules are running on another computer, thus
improving speed and reliability.

Dual Password Security $39.00

This module protects your BBS by giving users a second password that
activates a set of keys.  With this program in place, your system is
protected!

E-Mail Spy $79.00

A necessity for corporations, E-Mail Spy allows you to read everyone's
e-mail on your Worldgroup system.  You can scan for all new messages, or
just messages with file attachments on them!  Make sure no illegal file
transferring is occurring on your board!  Protect your users, your BBS,
and yourself.

Executive Informer $79.00

The Executive Informer allows you to send System News, Bulk Mail, Logoff
Messages, and On-Line Commercials to your users depending on keys held,
keys not held, age and sex.  New version features different styles,
allowing you to send eye-catching messages in any number of styles!

File Library Extension $149.00

The File Library Extension makes your File Library more powerful, much
faster and more easy to use.

Global Monitor $79.00

Global Monitor is a useful module that allows you and your staff to see
what users type.  Global Monitor splits your screen in two, allowing you
to continue to use your system while monitoring.  You can select exactly
who you wish

HelpMan $49.00

Scans your BBS subdirectory for the help files provided with The Major
BBS (and third party modules) and lets your users display them online.

Information Query $49.00

Information Query allows you to search the user database as well as the
audit trail while online.  You may also search the audit trail with a
string up to 65 characters and may limit the search within a range of
dates.  All output can be displayed on screen or sent to a text file for
future use or printing.

IP Surcharge/Restrict $150.00

You can save hundreds of dollars monthly by getting your x.25 callers
through your Internet connection!  Instead of paying for two separate
leased lines, ask your x.25 service provider to send your callers over
your Internet connection.  If you currently have an Internet connection,
you can add x.25 support at very little expense!  Offer your users
nationwide or even worldwide access!

Log Master $39.95

Now you can keep track of all your callers including their baud rate,
line number, date of call, time of call, and caller number.
Configurable number of callers up to 50,000.  Includes global last 20
callers and the ability to search for a user's log information.

Major CD for Worldgroup                           $225.00
Major CD for The Major BBS                        $169.00
Major CD Upgrade from The Major BBS to Worldgroup $79.00
Major CD LAN Option                               $89.00
Major CD for Worldgroup with LAN Option           $285.00
Major CD for The Major BBS with LAN Option        $229.00

Works just like Windows Explorer/File Manager.  Worldgroup Manager can
be used without being connected.  Total security and adult pseudo-keys
guarantee system integrity.  Add up to 255 CDs to your system, and up to
42 CDs on one computer.  Special Pioneer Jukebox support.  Works on any
network.  Custom ZIP comments are a great, FREE way to advertise.
Full-screen ANSI tagger and full-screen RIP tagger.  Multilingual
support (no text hard coded.)  FREE powerful offline tag system for DOS,
Windows and Atari S T.

Menu Magician for Worldgroup    $150.00
Menu Magician for The Major BBS $100.00

Change your existing menu pages or create new ones and link them
directly into your current menus while your system is still on the air!
An invaluable tool, especially if you manage your system remotely.  Edit
pages by clicking on a gape in your menu tree, select module names from
a pick list of all the modules currently running, and decide on an
appropriate icon with the handy Icon Browser.  You'll wonder how you
ever lived without it.

Metakeys $50.00

Metakeys are expressions that can be used in place of normal keys for
most applications.  Using a metakey, you can specify a very detailed
expression of which users you want to be able to use which feature.

Not-Keys $49.00

Not-Keys gives yourself more control over locks and keys!  Not-Keys
allow you to have "negative" keys, so you can take away access from
users without having to change their class.  Not-Keys negates keys a
user might have in his or her personal class key ring.  Not-Keys also
features Take-Keys, which negates a key sometime in the future!  Not-
Keys is perfect for giving and taking away access with ease.

PQM $99.00

This package allows you to build an unlimited amount of polls, quizzes,
and matchmakers.  Each questionnaire has its own "profile" where you can
control a variety of user levels.  Provides for online statistics,
giving you advice for quizzes, global matching or even grant keys
pending on the answers users select!  Worldgroup compatible.

Pulse for The Major BBS $69.00

Pulse is an operations monitor and benchmark utility for your Major BBS.
Pulse will tell you if you need to upgrade your CPU, hard drive
subsystem, or possibly if a given module is putting a large load on your
system.

Radius Server for Worldgroup or The Major BBS $500.00 (32 Port Lic.)
Radius Server Upgrade                         $200.00 (32 Port Lic.)

Requires terminal server(s).  Since PPP/SLIP/CSLIP sessions are handled
by the terminal server, they don't use any channels (i.e. user-count
license) on the Worldgroup/MBBS system.  Users currently connected in
PPP/SLIP when the Worldgroup server shuts down for cleanups can continue
surfing without any interruption!  Since terminal servers are
specialized multi-port intelligent serial hardware, a significant
performance increase can also be expected.

Remote Console $99.00

Remote Console gives you an exact duplicate of the Sysop Console
remotely.  This is a must have module for remote maintenance of your
BBS!

Super Sysop Pager $49.00

Super Sysop Pager replaces the page Sysop function and gives you a long,
quiet, audible melody instead of a short beep.  Pages to Sysop can be
diverted to other users by User-ID or key.  Missed pages to Sysop may be
logged to the audit trail or a text file.  Super Sysop Pager can even
dial out and alert you using your digital pager.  A powerful scheduler
controls when the system calls out to page, who it pages, and how often.

Syseazy $119.00

Twenty add-ons in one package for one low price for all your Sysop and
user's needs!  Features:  Card Shop, Global Actions, Advanced Credit
Transfer, Global Chat, Cloaking Device, Disable NQC, Password Security,
Global Password Change, Credit Advance, Visa/Master Card/Amex Acceptor,
User-ID Changer, Certificates, Lucky Charm, Class Switcher, The Voter,
The Announcer, Celebration, Low on Credit/Days Notification, Module
Charger, and Channel Blaster!  Worldgroup compatible.

Sysop Functions and Utilities $249.00

Sysop Functions and Utilities is accessed through a floating toolbar,
using drop down menus.  A few of the key elements are featured as icons
on the toolbar for faster access.  The commands have been grouped
together in a logical manner to make the module easy to use.  We have
even added new features that will make your job easier than before.

Ticker Tape $79.00

Ticker Tape is a neat way to display text based information in a very
small space by way of scrolling electronic ticker tape like you've seen
on television stock reports and weather information.  This unique module
definitely catches your user's attention!

Worldgroup Program Initializer $99.00

The Worldgroup Program Initializer allows you to create what we call
'Client Zip Files'.  Each Client Zip File contains all of the files
needed by a client.  With the built in Not-key handler, you can easily
menu-ize those Client Zip Files.  After installing The Worldgroup
Program Initializer, your callers do not have to wait as long for
updates anymore.  The first time a caller selects the menu-option of a
client, instead of the numerous, uncompressed client files being sent,
just the one, compressed, Client Zip File is transferred, Unzipped,
Installed (and then removed from the users hard drive) without user
intervention.  Your callers will save up to 80 percent on transmission
time.

Trivia Games

Teleconference Trivia $149.00

Allows your users to play trivia directly in your Teleconference.
Automatically adds itself to either your Standard or Entertainment
Teleconference.

Trivia Forum $149.95

The original and best automated trivia game with features such as:
99configurable categories, interactive play, top ten list for each
category, next question option, and chat teleconference.  Sysop
functions include:  adding questions directly online, configuring
categories for hints, prizes, key requirements, answer display, and
speed of game.  A must for any multi-line entertainment system.  Over
25,000 questions.

Totally Trivia $149.00

Users race around the game board collecting pegs every time they get a
trivia question right!  The user with all the pegs wins!  Supports
Client/Server and ANSI. 6000 Phrase database with 6 categories.
Features:  Toolbar with balloon help, Content Sensitive help, Full
Feature Animation and Graphics, Chat Lounge, Sound Effects, Addictive!

Video Conferencing

iView Broadcaster $399.00 (8 user)
                  $599.00 (20 user)
                  $899.00 (unlimited)

This client/server application allows classroom style of video/audio
broadcasting where one user broadcasts to multiple users via LAN, MODEM
or TCP/IP.  Great option for live speeches, classes, TV broadcasting,
and many more applications.

iView Conferencing $399.00 (8 user)
                   $599.00 (20 user)
                   $899.00 (unlimited)

This client/server application allows up to four users to be
simultaneously conferencing with video and audio.  Other features
include the ability to capture an on screen display, such as a
spreadsheet, and broad- cast it to the other conference.  Great for
meetings and private discussions.

iView v-Mail $299.00 (2 user)
             $499.00 (8 user)
             $799.00 (unlimited)

This client/server Video/Audio Mail supersedes its e-mail ancestor by
allowing full pre-recorded audio, video, text and file attachments.  A
new medium for online services to be used for by a variety of end users.

iView Point-to-Point $399.00 (8 user)
                     $599.00 (20 user)
                     $899.00 (unlimited)

This client/server application allows users via LAN, MODEM and TCP/IP to
conduct direct live point to point video, audio and text conferencing.
Special features include video and audio quality control, small
self-image for camera adjustment and full image of other viewer.

Viewing

Catalog Viewer $149.00

The Catalog Viewer can be used for a variety of applications that have
nothing to do with catalogs.  With this powerful tool you can create a
company rolodex with each employee's curriculum vitae.  Open a
classified service with graphical ads.  Raise product interest with an
online window shopping network.  Display an online photo of important
events, people, or places.  Create an advertising module to increase
sales.

Document Collaboration $299.95

Collaboration solution for workgroups that need to access and work on
common projects.  Great for intranet solutions as well!  Supports
virtually any Windows or Windows '95 document.

Document Viewer $149.00

Publish Documents on the Web and Worldgroup faster than ever!  With the
click of a button you can put your documents online as they appear in
their original form - color, graphics, fonts,!  You'll get the
functionality of Adobe Acrobat without it's huge file size or confusing
install procedures.

Multi-Vue for Worldgroup $149.00
Vue-It for The Major BBS $99.00

Bring full-screen scrolling text displays to your Worldgroup platform in
client mode and ASCII/ANSI/RIP terminal mode.  Allows optional file
downloads and |fax requests, which are controlled by key access.  The
client mode supports a print option.  Also provides optional activity
logging to the audit trail for download, fax and display requests.

Scrybe $49.00

Allows your client/server users to easily view .RTF files.

Bundles

4-Pack Combo $1199.00 (2 user)
             $1799.00 (8 user)
             $2699.00 (unlimited)

Includes iView Broadcaster, iView Conferencing, iView Point-to -Point,
and iView v-Mail at one special low price!

Accessory/Utility Package $139.00

Includes City Search (City Search allows your users to search the user
data file by city, state, or zip code.  City Search is perfect for a
business or entertainment system catering to a geographically diverse
user base), Gate Keeper (Gate Keeper can take your new users and place
them on a virtual system (class) based on the selection that they make
when they log on to your system.), Happy Birthday (Your users will never
have to update their age again, its done automatically!  Your BBS can
tell users "Happy Birthday" and also automatically send your users
E-mail with free credits), Line Monitor (Gives you the extra control
over who logs on what channel and how many times they can log on.
Designed for the Sysop that has different channel groups with different
lengths for allowed usage.), Mega Madness (An online version of a
Chinese tile game.  The object is to put all of the tiles in numerical
order with the blank tile acting as tile 0.), Mine Field (Make your way
through the Mine Field without getting blown up - with top ten lists of
the fastest winning times and four different sized fields.), UserBase
(An offline import/export utility which allows you to manipulate the
BBS's user data file (BBSUSR.DAT) with Alpha4, a popular database
program.  With UserBase you can export your BBS user data file for many
different operations.), and User Referral at one special low price!

Board Package $499.95

Includes Professional Backgammon, Tournament Checkers, Tournament Chess,
and Tournament Othello at one special low price!

Bulk-Mail and Bulletins Bundle $75.95

Includes Bulk-Mail for Worldgroup and Worldgroup Bulletins at one
special low price!

Bulk-Mail and Bulletins Pro Bundle $155.95

Includes Bulk-Mail for Worldgroup and Worldgroup Bulletins Pro at one
special low price!

HV Utilities $100.00

A collection of favorite bite-sized utilities and features created over
a span of several months at one special low price!

Game Bundle $299.00

Includes World Domination, Crib, Wheel of Fame, and Master of Minds at
one special low price!

Magic Pack $369.00

Includes CGI Magic and Web Magic at one special low price!

Magic Pack Pro $499.00

Includes CGI Magic Pro and Web Magic at one special low price!

Totally Bundled $199.00

Includes Totally Puzzled and Totally Trivia at one special low price!

Triple Pak $189.00

Includes Master of Minds, Wheel of Fame and Pacdude at one special low
price!

Source Codes and Development Tools

Developer's Kit

Worldgroup Developer's Kit $347.00

Modify client-side applications, server-side agents and existing add-ons
or write your own Worldgroup add-on options.  Contains the Visual Basic
source for baseline client apps (e.g. e-mail, file libraries, etc.).
Includes the server-side engine in LIB form, C source code to all the
server-side apps, files necessary to recompile the run-time executable,
two of the utilities and certain standard DLLs.  Documentation is
included.  Requires a registered copy of Worldgroup, Phar Lap 286 |
DOS-Extender SDK, Borland C++ 4.5, Visual Basic Pro 3.0 and 3-D Widgets
from Sheridan Software.  Visual Writer Pro 2.25 and Visual Speller 1.0
required to modify Worldgroup's message center.  Advanced Internet
Option and Internet Connectivity Source Code required to modify existing
Internet capabilities or to develop your own Internet add-on.

Extended C Source Developer's Kit $347.00

Contains the C sources to many of the offline programs, such as the
configuration editor, menu tree management utilities and screen drawing
tools.  Also contains the C source to GCOMM.LIB, a collection of
low-level routines used by Worldgroup and its offline utilities for DOS
functions, operator I/O, text message management, etc.  Requires the
Worldgroup Developer's Kit.

Source Code

(All C source code listed below requires the Client/Server Developer's
Kit and registered copies of any add-on option for which you purchase C
source code.)

Fax/Online Developer's Kit $69.00
Dial-Out C Source Code $207.00
Entertainment Collection Source Code $369.00
   Requires Brushed Aluminum set of VBXtasy by Spinoza Ltd to recompile the
   client app.
Internet Connectivity Source Code $495.00
   Contains source code to Worldgroup's Internet capabilities included in
   the baseline package and Advanced Internet Option.  Requires Advanced
   Internet Option.
Omni-Mall C Source Code $697.00
   Requires additional VBX tool kits -- call for details.

Development Tools

286 | DOS-Extender SDK by Phar Lap $414.00

Break the 640K DOS memory barrier and access up to 16MB of extended
memory in protected mode.

DOORWAY by TriMark Engineering $49.95

Provides access to DOS applications on a separate computer.

X.25 Network Hardware

PC XNet Card from OST $1000.00

A dual-port X.25 interface that connects directly to equipment from
SprintNet, CompuServe, AutoNet and other packet-switching networks.

Hardware

Watchdog Kit $149.00

If your system has ever "locked-up" in the middle of the night (or if
you are afraid that it might), then this key is for you.  Lock-ups can
cause your system to be down for hours thus flushing your potential
revenue down the drain.  The Watchdog Kit includes a card that is placed
into an available slot on your mother board that hooks directly to the
motherboard via a small cable to the reset switch connector.  The
software DLL is loaded onto your system, and will activate the card once
the system is initialized.  Once the card is activated, if for some
reason your system stops communicating with the card for a set amount of
time, it will automatically reboot your system, and get you back online.

Multiuser Hardware

GalactiBoard $436.00

An 8-port EIA-232D serial interface for connecting external modems,
computer terminals or other devices to your system.  Uses 16550-type
UARTs for efficient high-speed file transfers.  Cable assembly included.

Intelligent Serial Kits

Enables Worldgroup to take advantage of Equinox Systems Inc.'s
intelligent multiport SuperSerial hardware - delivering unsurpassed
performance.  Each ISK includes Worldgroup intelligent driver software,
Equinox host controller, 8- or 16-port module(s), power supplies,
cables, modem adapters, and documentation.

16-line (up to 115.2 Kbps) $1649.00
32-line (up to 115.2 Kbps) $2219.00
64-line (up to 115.2 Kbps) $3600.00
96-line (up to 115.2 Kbps) $5094.00
128-line (up to 115.2 Kbps) $5999.00
16-port upgrade (up to 115.2 Kbps) $740.00

16-line (up to 230.4 Kbps) $1600.00
32-line (up to 230.4 Kbps) $2359.00
8-port upgrade (up to 230.4 Kbps) $549.00

8-port Intelligent Serial Board $720.00

Update Program

Automatic Software Update Program (U/S Canada Only) $495.00
Automatic Software Update Program (International) $595.00

Per year, per registration number.  Receive all significant new software
updates to Galacticomm products you have purchased as soon as we've
fully tested them.

Classroom Training

Introduction to Worldgroup Administration $595.00

Two-day, hands-on course focused on system administration.  Also covers
the new Worldgroup Plug-in and Web server integration.

Intermediate Worldgroup Administration $795.00

Three-day, hands-on course covering detailed system administration and
configuration of both the Worldgroup server and the built-in Web server.

Advanced Worldgroup Administration $795.00

Three-day, in-depth laboratory experience covering advanced
connectivity, back-up and restore procedures, plus multimedia and
hypermedia creation and editing.

Digital Publishing for Worldgroup $595.00

Two-day, hands-on course designed to teach the basic elements of design
for digital publishing using advanced authoring and publishing tools.


All Galacticomm products include a 30-day money-back guarantee!
(Excluding User Pack License Upgrades.)

All prices and specifications are subject to change without notice.
Prices listed are in U.S. dollars.  All hardware, unless otherwise
specified, conforms to North American standards.  Galacticomm, 6-User
Pack, 12-User Pack, 24- User Pack, Advanced Internet Option, Dial-Out,
Dial-Up, Entertainment Collection, Fax/Online, GalactiBoard, Worldgroup
and X.25 Software Option are trademarks of Galacticomm, Inc.  All other
products are trademarks of their respective companies.

**************************************************************************
** A version of this document in Word format can be downloaded from the **
** WG_1_2 Library                                                       **
**************************************************************************
