WDG (Wildsoft Development Group) is currently selling the following 2 
modules that are compatible with the MBBS 6.25 and WG2.0 platforms in 
terminal mode.   Demos are availiable in the ISVWDG file library.

Bathroom Stall:  
  A variation of the popular Graffitti Wall program  found on a number 
of BBS's around the country.    Allows three different Bathrooms 
(Male, Female, and Unisex) and up to 50 different stalls in each 
bathroom to leave messages in. Allows users to pick the color of 
thier messages or users can allow the module to pick the color. 
Sysop configurable options to allow users to get "Caught" in the 
wrong bathroom by the opposite sex or only allow users to enter  
the bathrooms of thier sex(Male or Female, Unisex is always  open to all). 
   MBBS 6.25 & WG2.0 Price: $20.00
        WG3.0/DOS&NT Price: $40.00

Secret Word:     
  An Entertainment Teleconference add-on that allows you to award 
either Days or Credits to users who type a secret word.  Words are 
picked from a data file randomly after each word is typed and the 
words that are flagged after being used so that they won't be used 
again until all the other words have been used.  Registered Package 
comes with a Secret Word editor that allows sysops to enter up to 1100 
different words that can be used by the module.   Get this module and 
entice users to use your Entertainment  Teleconference!   

Features include:
  1.) a utility that runs at cleanup and takes the days winners and appends them to a text         file for easy accounting.  
  2.) Sysop configurable to display win blurb to all other users on-line or just to those in 
        Teleconference.
  3.) Will Send up to 5 different add blurbs randomly to all users online, amount to use
        sysop configurable.   Sysops can enter the text they want sent to users as an add
        for the Secret Word.  
  4.) Has command to allow users to see who has won for the day, Sysop's list shows
        same information along with the words used.

       Price: $40.00

NeverEnding Stories:
 This module allows your users to write stories as a group. It allows
 you as Sysop to allow access by user's keys to read, create, and add
 to stories created.  If you wish, you can even allow any user to create
 new stories. You can set the maximum allowable amount of stories to be
 created, set a default key and profanity level for each story.  When a
 story has been completed, or interest is lost in it, you can extract
 the story's pages to a normal text file without bringing down the BBS.
 Platforms: MBBS 6.25/WG2.0/WG3.0NT
 WG3.0 DOS version available upon request
 Price: $50.00


   All of the above modules can be purchased at the following location
   by check or moneyorder (U.S. Dollars Only please) directly from:
            
              Wildsoft Development Group
              15185 Mesquite Trail
              San Antonio, Tx 78253
              Voice:(210)688-9325
              BBS:  (210)688-9331
              EMail: mage@txdirect.net
                          mage@gcomm.com

Or from:
             
AdventureComm Software, Inc.
We currently resell for BBS Solutions, Rifster Enterprises, Soft Arts
Ltd. and Wildsoft Development Group as well as our own modules that we
develop.

You can download the price list for July in the ISVADV or WGADDONS file
library, or you may visit our web page   www.addons.com/isvadv

Sales:  1-888-463-0156  Toll Free   Call 24 hours a day, if we are not
                                    in the office, leave a message and
                                    we will call you back asap.
                                    (International Sysops send email to
                                    farrell@bellsouth.net)

Support System:  1-504-441-8187     BBS is a live system with users and
  sorry our telnet is not setup     also has a Customer setup that
  just yet, hopefully soon          Sysops and ISV members will be
                                    placed into. You can see the modules
                                    we sell in action.


   Thanks
   Rich Wildey
   Wildsoft  Development Group 

