				  Form Manager


Form Manager lets you present an on-line form for your users to fill out. 
Each form is an 80 character by 24 line input screen which supports 
full-screen data entry, tabbing, and edits. You can have up to 25 forms with 
100 fields on each form.

With a little ingenuity you'll find Form Manager can be used for a variety of 
applications. Here are just a few:
    Event Registration Form -- to sign up for conferences, etc.
    Special Access Request -- grant a key upon filling out form 
    Mailing List  -- print mailing labels from information captured
    Product Support -- users register problems with products on-line
    Order Entry Form -- prompt for shipping address and credit card number
    Loan/Insurance Application -- make important fields required entry

Form Manager permits you to assign edits to constrain the values entered 
in fields.  The following edits are available:
   numeric only
   yes/no only
   date field
   minimum value
   maximum value
   multiple choice (user chooses from a limited list of values)
   suggested choice (choose from list or enter your own value)
   required field
   spaces prohibited

Fields can be set as SECRET ("*" is displayed instead of the actual value). 
This is useful for passwords and other sensitive information.  

Fields can also be assigned a default value that will be used unless changed 
by the user.

Information can be written to an ASCII file or a dBase-compatible file.  
The userid of the person filling out the form and the date/time the form was 
filled out can be automatically captured to the file.  Copies of the form 
can be sent by e-mail to a default userid or a userid specified by the 
person filling out the form.  You can also set up the form to grant a key to
users who fill it out (reward for taking a survey, for example).


Form Manager - $495
    supports ASCII and ANSI-mode users (compatible with Worldgroup)

Form Manager for Worldgroup - price to be determined
    supports Worldgroup-client users

Expected release date of Form Manager for Worldgroup is December 4.

