
                        北北北  Rifster Enterprises  北北北
                                   DEC 18, 1997
                                    WorldGroup

  Currently available:


      Rifster Monitor                          $FREE
                     Available in all versions

  This Module adds two new globals to your BBS. /MON and /INP
  These commands work like the MONITOR and INPUT commands in the
  remote sysop menu but can be activated from anywhere on the BBS
  and you can continue use the BBS as you wish. Also available
  for a $10 dollar Fee 5 New Globals will be activated for the
  Monitor Program. (This fee can only be done thru US MAIL Only)

    Modem Control (Line control)               $Donation

  This really simple program will set any line on your BBS Except
  the console to NO-ANSWER or BUSY on Boot up. Good for doing tests,
  keeping a modem from Dialing out unless you want it to, or what
  ever else you may want it for. if you find a need for this please
  send in a donation for what you think it's worth to you. A New
  Innovative Idea from Rifster Enterprises.

    Whos-Online WorldGroup Version             $65.00

  This module will display the users logged on. Configurable to display the
  list of users  during log on. this module is 100% editable as far as
  displays to the user. the global activator is configurable as well. This
  program was originally written for my private system for my staff members
  to see other users that where invisible they liked it so much that they
  asked me to make it available to all my users, also a few other sysops ask
  me about it as well. the key to see invisible defaults at super and the
  activator is set to # which can all be changed. This program is
  Compatible with Vircoms # scheme Right out of the BOX so to speak
  Plus some, Works with Tele, DOORS, and other places that isn't Two
  COMMAND Line heavy. NEW COMMANDS, /f By Default Will display any and
  all file transfer being done on the system. Will display User-Id, File
  Name, BPS, Uploading/Downloading, Percent Done and Protocal.
  This program has had a Major Facelift to make it even BETTER. and is in
  my opinion the BEST Whos On-Line Module on the market for WORLDGROUP. I am
  also open to add text variables by request. please send email to
  Rifleman@on-ramp.com with what you will like to have for a text variable
  if I don't already Include it. Will run for 15 days without an Activation
  code.


      Rifster Time Control                     $55.00


  This module does a couple of things. first it'll add a new global
  for use with your BBS, This allows you to extend a users time either
  for the good or for the bad. very useful if you have a user that has
  spent there allowed time on-line for the day and decides they want to
  pay and have more time. You can take time away that they have been on
  effectively allowing him back on for that amount of time. another thing
  that that global is good for is that it will allow you to add or take
  time away from a user that is currently on-line. Great to Subtract
  say 5 mins from a user to prevent him from being logged off before his
  time limit for that call has been reached. the other part of this module
  allows you to add Time restraints to those users with unlimited time per
  call to stay on if the bbs isn't busy and restrict them to a configurable
  time limit if the BBS is Busy. it can be set up to count lines 3-13
  or any number of lines that you have configured as long as there
  consecutive and that there is a configured channel for that line #.
  this program will run for 15 days without an activation code.  Also
  has a Built in Prime Time Routine with Max-Time-Per-Day, and Key
  allowed to Logon during Primetime. Now has Different Prime times
  configured depending on what day of the week it is when the BBS is
  brought up.


      Rifster Global Teleconference            $59.00

  Rifsters Global Teleconference v2.80 is a full featured multi-channel
  globalized teleconference. Action words included.  Users can participate
  in thirty-six channels simultaneously out of two billion! Fully
  configurable.  Commands included for sorting channels and listing public
  channels. 30 Day Demo Available. $15 Dollar Upgrade Fee From Cheersofts
  Version to Ours.

      Rifster Line Announcer                   $49.00

  This program will announce a MESSAGE to a user based on what Line he
  is on. this program will look for a file called rifann??.txt if it
  if present it will Display it to that user. This program is Designed
  for a MASTERKEY holder DEMO only. This is Great for those systems that
  wish to sell SPONSORSHIPS for their Lines. On Sysop made about $500 in
  the first four months he has had this program. It will display a different
  Advertisements based on the line the user is on.

      Rifsters Account Display/Edit            $49.00 (WG1.x/2.0 ONLY)

  This program is a Modification/Replacement to Gcomms Account Display/Edit
  Program. It will allow you to KEY the MAJOR fields in the Editor.
  Also allow Credit Transfers Regardless of what SHWCRD in BBSSUP.MSG
  says. This program now has a USERCOPY utility. This program contains a
  TWO hour Demo.

      Rifsters Line Lock                       $35.00

  This program will restrict calls to a specific set of lines to insure that
  a user has a certain key to allow Entry. Great for Locking out telnet
  callers from using your DIALUP lines give all classes a KEY except your
  Telneters. this program is 100% configurable. and has a PRIME TIME feature
  built in. FREE to Registered users of TIME CONTROL by Rifster Enterprises.
  this program will run for 15 days without an activation code.

      Rifsters Credit Poster                   $49.00

  This Program allows the sysop of systems that have MONTHLY accounts to give
  themselfs credits with-in limits without sysop intervention. Great for
  those games that Require credits on a monthly On-Line service and DMA
  servers. C/S App, Menuizable, and Global Command Available. this will run
  for 15 days without an activation code.

      Quick Mail                               $50.00


This is the First program of it's kind a TRUE telegram program. This
program will send a Quick one line message through the EMAIL system of your
system to ANY valid email address that your BBS uses. IE: Netaccess, MailLink,
Internet, Local, Ect. This program also has it's own 10 user Address Book
that is tied into normal Email and Forums so you can use it for your regular
messages as well. a 15 day demo is available on this product.

      Low Warning                  WG3.x       $69.00
                                   WG1.x/2.0   $49.00

This program is simple but sweet it will send a Email message
to your users that are low on Credits/Days. You can Customize the
messages by Class or us the defualt message. Very Configurable. A 15
day demo is available on this product.

             For more information:

             U.S. Mail Office Address:
                   Rifster Enterprises
                   400 W Winnie Lane #21
                   Carson City, NV 89703

             BBS Systems:
                   Galacticomm Demo System (954) 583-7808,
                   or telnet to gcomm.com library ISVRIF

                   Web URL:
                   HTTP://WWW.ADDONS.COM/RIFSTER

                   Majornet:
                   MAJORBBS.DEV.RIF

             Office voice phone:
                   (702)885-7646

             To order:

                   Rifster Enterprises
                   Sales Department
                   400 W. Winnie Lane #21
                   Carson City, NV 89703

             For credit card orders:

                   AdventureComm Software, Inc.
                   (888)463-0156

             Notice: Prices and products available are subject
             to change at any time without notice. Please contact
             us for the latest information.

             Free UPGRADE to WG3.0 all Platforms for All Worldgroup
             product owners. Except for Low Warning in which case
             upgrade is the Diffrence in price.

