
                      INTRODUCING VIRCOM'S
                   PPP MODULE FOR MAJORTCP/IP


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Thursday, January 18, 1996

(Montreal, Quebec, Canada)  Vircom Inc., makers of the
MajorTCP/IP Internet connectivity solution and of the Distributed
MajorBBS Architecture (DMA) lines of products for The MajorBBS
and Worldgroup platforms, is announcing the introduction of a PPP
pass-through server and a PPP dialler for its MajorTCP/IP
products.  The notable features of this new module include:


PPP PASS-THROUGH SERVER

. Performance Optimization:  Support for Address Compression,
  Protocol Compression and Van Jacobson Header Compression,
  optimizing data throughput.

. PPP smart-sensing:  Vircom's PPP server automatically
  recognizes, in the auto-sensing phase, that the caller is using a
  PPP stack.  The channel is immediately switched into PPP mode,
  without any command prompt.  This completly eliminates complex
  and customized login scripts, greatly simplifying the end user's
  setup.  The logon process becomes as simple as connecting to any
  I.S.P.'s terminal server.

. PPP Authentication Protocol (PAP):  Most PPP stacks your
  clients might be using support PAP.  Used with the PPP smart-
  sensing, this makes the end-user setup an amazingly simple task,
  significantly reducing your technical support requirements.  The
  PPP server logs the user in ghosting mode.  This allows your
  client to "telnet" back to your BBS, either in client/server or
  terminal mode, while concurrently using any other TCP/IP clients,
  such as a WWW browser, or a graphical IRC client.

. IP Address Negotiation:  With this option, the caller
  doesn't need to know anything about IP addresses, and where to
  enter them.  No matter what gets entered in the IP address field
  of the caller's stack, it will be overridden by this automatic
  negotiation.  This option works without any kind of scripting on
  the end-user's PC, again reducing your technical support.

. Primary DNS Address Negotiation:  Microsoft published a new
  standard in December `95 to support the automatic negotiation of
  the primary name server IP address.  Much like the above IP
  address negotiation, this automatic negotiation takes the user
  one step farther from the technical aspect of connecting to the
  Internet.  Since the standard is so recent, few stacks are
  supporting this feature.  It has been tested with Windows 95's
  dialup networking and Windows NT.

. New Pass-through SLIP/CSLIP/PPP Server features:  Since pass-
  through users are "ghosted" on the system, new features were
  introduced to improve the security and efficiency of the BBS.
  The system operator can now restrict who is able to telnet back
  into the system, and restrict such telnets to coming only from
  the address assigned by the pass-through server, preventing
  multiple people from using the same account concurrently.  Credit
  consumption rates for the second telnet can also be customized
  for your business' needs.


PPP DIALLER (to Internet Service Provider)

. PPP Authentication Protocol (PAP):  This feature is also
  supported in the PPP dialler, removing the need for any script to
  connect to your Internet Service Provider (I.S.P.).  UserID and
  Password information is entered in CNF fields.  If the I.S.P.
  doesn't support this feature, the traditionnal login script can
  be used instead.

. Addresses negotiation:  The IP and DNS addresses negotiation
  is also supported in the PPP dialler.  This means that your BBS
  can now use a dynamic IP address, although this will essentially
  prevent anyone from reaching your BBS.  (Imagine how easy it
  would be to reach someone randomly changing phone number.)

. New SLIP/CSLIP/PPP Dialler features:  To avoid
  disconnections of the BBS' link to the Internet, due to the ISP's
  inactivity hangup, a "keep alive" CNF option was added.  It
  allows the system operator to configure a time interval, in
  seconds, to generate activity on the Internet link by pinging the
  BBS' primary DNS server.

. Current Dialler featrures supported:  All the current
  features of the internal SLIP/CSLIP dialler are also supported
  with PPP.  They include redialling the I.S.P. when the connection
  goes down and use of the scripting language to establish the
  connection.


BOTTOM LINE

The latest PPP standards supported in Vircom's new PPP module can
contribute significantly toward decreasing your business'
operating costs and give you more time to expand your market
share.  Vircom's no non-sense PPP implementation had one goal in
mind: make Internet connectivity as simple as possible.  How well
have we done?  A Windows `95 user has no login script to set up
and only three information to enter to connect to your system:

  1. BBS phone number
  2. User ID
  3. Password

We consider the above features essential to any sound PPP
offering for the Worldgroup platform.


AVAILABILITY AND PRICING

The production release of MajorTCP/IP version 1.85, which will
include the PPP module, will start shipping on January 29, `96.

Current MajorTCP/IP clients will be able to download the
production release, either from our distributor's or Vircom's
support BBS, on that day.  The upgrade is free.  A public beta
release will be available for download, from Vircom's support
BBS, before then.

New clients may order the software from any of our fine
distributors below (or other unlisted resellers).  The PPP module
is available only in the combo release of MajorTCP/IP, priced at
$700 USD, with the following highlights:

   . Up to 256 TCP Sessions
   . RLogin & TELNET (Incoming & Outgoing)
   . DMA v2.1 Client
   . Finger Client and Server
   . Finger Information Server
   . WWW Server
   . FTP Client
   . IRC Client
   . IDENT Client and Server
   . NNTP Newsgroups
   . SMTP Emails
   . POP3 Server
   . Passthrough SLIP/CSLIP/PPP Server
   . SLIP/CSLIP/PPP Dialler (to Internet Service Provider)


VIRCOM'S SUPPORT BBS

     28.8Kbps modem pool             (514) 687-2210
     Telnet                          gm.gamemaster.qc.ca


VIRCOM'S DISTRIBUTORS

     Digital Consulting Services     (800) 899-2002
     Tessier Technologies            (800) 473-3177
     High Velocity Software, Inc.    (800) 572-5582
     Datasafe Publications, Inc.     (800) 870-0004
     Sirius Software                 (307) 237-0065
     Logicom, Inc.                   (800) 764-4266
     ProDesign, Inc.                 (505) 271-5858



Vircom can be reached at:

     Telephone                       (514) 990-2532
     Fax                             (514) 681-3751
     MajorNet                        MajorTCPIP@GMS
     Internet                        majortcpip@vircom.com

