                   CLOSED BETA-TESTING OF PPP/SLIP SERVER
                         FOR WORLDGROUP 3.0 FOR NT


Vircom's PPP server for Worldgroup/NT has successfully been beta-tested with
a few large Worldgroup systems.  We are now ready to take on 20 customers
for a larger, yet still closed, beta-testing period.  The prospect beta
testers must meet the following requirements:

1) Having experience running Windows NT.  The PPP/SLIP server does not work
   on Windows 95.

2) Having minimal experience with Worldgroup 3.0 for Windows NT.

3) Being ready to run Worldgroup/NT on a production system with at least
   16 access lines.  If you're not ready to go live with Worldgroup/NT,
   please do not apply for this closed beta testing.

4) Having a currently active Internet connection and currently offering
   dial-up PPP/SLIP services to your user community.

If you meet the above criterias, here are the details to get enrolled in
this closed beta testing:

1) You will need to configure a subnet for the dial-up PPP/SLIP pool within
   your address range (class C?).  If you are currently using AIO/ICO, you
   already had to do that.

2) Your payment will need to be handled through us directly, via one of the
   following methods:

     - Mastercard, over phone or email (richard@vircom.com)
       (Visa and American Express cannot currently be accepted)

     - Certified cheque or money order, mailed/courriered to:

             Vircom, Inc.
             Att.: PPP server beta
             1205 Papineau Ave.
             Suite 352
             Montreal, Quebec
             Canada, H2K 4R2

3) If you are currently owning AIO/ICO or MajorTCP/IP, you are eligible to
   a $100 discount on the purchase of the PPP server for Worldgroup/NT.  So
   payment should be $400 USD instead of $500 USD.  You will need to send
   us a proof of ownership of AIO/ICO, if applicable.

We will accept the first 20 payments meeting the requirements and enroll
them into the closed beta testing of the PPP server for Worldgroup/NT.  The
official release date will be announced after seeing the results of this
larger closed beta testing period.  Purchasing through Vircom's resellers
and directly from Galacticomm will be possible only for the release version
of the product.
