			   INTRODUCING VIRCOM's
			  MAJORTCP/IP VERSION 2.0


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Wednesday, June 26th, 1996

(Montreal, Quebec, Canada)  Vircom Inc., announced today the 
production release version 2.0 of its flagship product 
MajorTCP/IP.

When Vircom began working on MajorTCP/IP in late 1993, its vision 
of the final product included a staggering suite of Internet 
tools.  With the final addition of the FTP server, MajorTCP/IP 
v2.0 is the conclusion of over 32 months of intensive development 
toward this vision.

The notable features of MajorTCP/IP v2.0 include:

- INTERNET CLIENTS:  The Internet Clients make up the user-
  interface part of MajorTCP/IP.  These clients currently operate 
  in ANSI/ASCII mode; graphical (client/server) clients are 
  planned.  An Internet Client is always used to communicate with 
  an Internet Server.

  * Telnet:  Telnet is used to open a terminal connection to a remote 
    site or service.  Playing Multi-Users Dungeons (MUD) or Telneting 
    to online services are common applications.

  * RLogin/RLogin-Plus:  RLogin is generally used as a true eight bit 
    connection between local systems.  With the Plus extension, the 
    remote system can query the Worldgroup system for information, 
    and even change the credits consumption rate.  This is generally 
    used to integrate UNIX services in a user-friendly fashion with 
    the Worldgroup server.

  * IRC:  The Internet Relay Chat (IRC) is the biggest electronic 
    teleconference in the world.  Without additional costs, your 
    users will be able to chat in real-time mode with anyone on the 
    globe.

  * FTP:  The FTP protocol is one of the most commonly used method to 
    transfer files across the Internet.  Users can connect to a FTP 
    server, transfer the file to a temporary area on the Worldgroup 
    server and then download it using conventional file transfer 
    protocols, such as x-/y-/zmodem, kermit, etc.

  * Finger:  Finger is used to query remote systems for either user 
    or general information.  The user information typically displays 
    a profile of the user.  General information can vary wildly, such 
    as weather forecasts, list of online users, etc.

  * Ident:  Although this client is not directly accessible by the 
    user, it is a crucial operating component on the Internet.  When 
    users login the Worldgroup server, via Telnet or RLogin, the 
    Ident client sends a request to the system where the Telnet is 
    originating from to attempt to identify the userid of that person 
    on the remote system.  This feature is a great security tool.

  * DMA:  The Distributed MajorBBS Architecture is a protocol and 
    concept introduced by Vircom.  It is used to off-load add-ons 
    from the main Worldgroup server onto a second PC, also running 
    Worldgroup.  When the user selects an off-loaded option, he/she 
    is transparently transported over the second system.  The 
    software running on the second PC is the DMA server, another 
    product sold by Vircom.  MajorTCP/IP contains the client to 
    connect to any such DMA server, either locally or half-way across 
    the world, through the Internet.

- INTERNET SERVERS:  The Internet Servers all run behind the scene, 
  without any direct user intervention.  Incoming connections from 
  the Internet must be received and handled by a Server.

  * Telnet:  With the use of a channel type introduced by 
    MajorTCP/IP, the Worldgroup server can be contacted by anyone 
    with a Telnet client across the Internet.  This connection could 
    even be in client/server mode, although it will most commonly 
    ASCII/ANSI.

  * RLogin:  As the Telnet server above, ASCII/ANSI connections can 
    be opened with the Worldgroup server by anyone with a RLogin 
    client.  As RLogin is a true 8 bits connection by default, it is 
    generally preferable to use it, instead of Telnet, between local 
    systems.

  * FTP: File libraries can be made available to the Internet via 
    FTP.  FTP users connect either as their normal userid on the 
    Worldgroup server or as anonymous users.  Security is maintained 
    through the Worldgroup server's standard locks  & keys.  
    Anonymous access is controlled by creating assigning a default 
    accounting class.

  * Finger:  The finger server can display three types of information 
    to anyone using a finger client: user status, if directed toward 
    a specific user; general system information, such as a list of 
    online users, if directed toward the system; or specific text 
    information if directed toward configurable pseudo-users.  As an 
    example,  "info" can be used to display general system 
    information to anyone who fingers that userid.

  * Ident:  As the Ident client, the server is a background operating 
    component of the Internet.  Many FTP and IRC servers on the 
    Internet demand to know the userid, on the remote system, of the 
    person wishing to use their services.  This use of this security 
    feature is becoming widespread, and a must.

  * NNTP:  The Network News Transport Protocol is used to exchange 
    newsgroup articles between news servers.  Each newsgroup is 
    mapped to a forum on the Worldgroup server, thus providing access 
    to the articles either via QWK or the Worldgroup Manager (in 
    client/server mode).

  * POP3:  The Post Office Protocol is used by mail applications, 
    such as Netscape Mail and Eudora, to retrieve messages on the 
    Worldgroup server.

  * SMTP:  The Simple Mail Transfer Protocol defines a standard 
    method of handling and delivering Emails across multiple 
    platforms and the Internet.  MajorTCP/IP's SMTP server is MIME 
    compliant, another standard for Email file attachments.  The 
    standard interfaces of Worldgroup are used to send Internet 
    Emails, so the user does not have to learn a different user 
    interface.

  * WWW:  World Wide Web surfers can come visit your Worldgroup 
    system through this Internet Server.  Used in combination with 
    Worldgroup's Netscape plug-in or other add-ons, this could even 
    be the main method used to login your system.  Most of the 
    standard features of web servers, such as Java, frames and VRML 
    support are supported.

  * SLIP/CSLIP/PPP passthrough:  This Internet Server is arguably the 
    most powerful feature of MajorTCP/IP.  Using a TCP/IP winsock 
    stack, end-users are able to surf the net by connecting in SLIP, 
    CSLIP or PPP over a modem line.  This server also opens the door 
    to the many winsock based applications available on the Internet 
    (CUSeeMe, Internet Phone, RealAudio, WinIRC, etc.).

- ETHERNET CONNECTION:  The Worldgroup server can be connected to 
  the Internet in two fashions: using a network card or over a 
  dial-up connection.  An Ethernet connection requires a higher 
  capital investment, but allows an unlimited growth in the 
  bandwidth to the Internet.
  
  * Compatible with almost all Ethernet network cards: Network card 
    manufacturers provide an ODI driver, and often a packet driver, 
    on their installation diskette.  Although MajorTCP/IP requires a 
    packet driver interface, one is provided to support the ODI shim.  
    In essence, this means that just about all network cards are 
    supported.

  * Compatible with any Internet link:  The actual link, whether it 
    is frame-relay, ISDN, T-1 or even T-3, is handled by external 
    hardware and interfaces with MajorTCP/IP through the network 
    card.  This means any kind of Internet link is supported, with 
    appropriate external hardware.

  * Compatible with Novell Netware (and other unsupported NOS):  
    Novell is implemented using an ODI shim.  As mentioned above, a 
    packet driver interface is provided to share the same network 
    card between MajorTCP/IP and Novell.  A Novell Netware LAN is 
    definitely not required to run MajorTCP/IP.

- DIAL-UP CONNECTION:  A permanent connection to the Internet is 
  necessary to work with MajorTCP/IP, so a modem, telephone line 
  and channel must be dedicated to maintaining the connection.
  
  * Standard modem channel:  MajorTCP/IP does not interface directly 
    with the serial hardware; instead, it uses a standard Worldgroup 
    channel.  Any kind of equipment that can connect a serial port 
    can be used to connect to the Internet Provider, including ISDN 
    modems.  Without intelligent serial hardware though, the maximum 
    port speed is limited to 57.6kbps.

  * Dialer to provider with scripting:  Connection to the provider 
    can use a simple scripting language, if required.  This is 
    generally used to go through the logon process on the Internet 
    provider's equipment and then start the SLIP/CSLIP/PPP session.

  * Keep-alive/Re-dialer link monitor:  As a permanent connection is 
    required, MajorTCP/IP will monitor the link.  If the connection 
    is dropped, attempts will be made to re-establish it.  Some 
    Internet provider also use an inactivity monitor on their dial-up 
    lines, hanging up the connection if it remains idle too long.  To 
    prevent this problem, MajorTCP/IP can be configured to generate 
    traffic at regular intervals.

- ADVANCED FEATURES:  These advanced features are unique to 
  MajorTCP/IP in the Worldgroup environment.  Although the above 
  modules have distinguishing features, these are the big seller 
  for MajorTCP/IP over competitive solutions.
 
  * PAP support with PPP:  The Password Authentication Protocol is 
    used when users connect to the PPP dial-up server.  It eases the 
    end-user setup process by removing the need for scripting at 
    connection time.  This feature alone can make an enormous 
    different on technical support requirement for Windows 95 users.

  * DNS negotiation with PPP:  Microsoft has proposed an addition to 
    the PPP standard in the ability to negotiate the DNS server with 
    the end-user's winsock stack.  Without this feature a quad 
    numeric IP address must be given to the end user to enter.  Added 
    to the PAP, this feature contributes to lowering technical 
    support costs if the end-user's winsock stack support the 
    extension.

  * Primary & secondary DNS requester:  It is not uncommon for a 
    Domain Name Server to fail.  As the DNS is required to convert 
    domain names into quad numeric IP address, supporting only a 
    primary DNS leaves your system dead in the water when it fails.  
    MajorTCP/IP will automatically switch between a primary and 
    secondary DNS, when either one fails or times out.

  * Multi-homing:  The ability to provide clients with their own 
    domain name is a recurring requirement.  Without multi-homing, it 
    isn't possible to handle multiple IP addresses on the same 
    Worldgroup server, thus impossible to distinctly support multiple 
    domains.  These virtual domains can be used in conjunction with 
    the WWW, FTP, SMTP, Telnet and RLogin servers.

  * Expandable to 1,024 sockets:  High volume TCP/IP traffic, 
    especially with the FTP or WWW server can take a considerable 
    amount of sockets.  If MajorTCP/IP's base package with 255 
    concurrent sockets isn't enough, it can be upgraded to 1,024.


AVAILABILITY AND PRICING

Current MajorTCP/IP clients may download the release 2.0 from 
Vircom's support BBS immediately.  The upgrade is free.

New clients may order the software from any of our fine 
distributors below (or other unlisted resellers). MajorTCP/IP is 
priced at $700 USD.


VIRCOM'S SUPPORT BBS

    28.8Kbps modem pool          (514) 687-2210
    Telnet                       bbs.vircom.com
    WWW                          http://www.vircom.com
    FTP                          ftp.vircom.com


VIRCOM'S DISTRIBUTORS

    Digital Consulting Services  (800) 899-2002   sales@digiconsult.com
    Tessier Technologies         (800) 473-3177   sysop@hs.wisenet.com
    High Velocity Software, Inc. (800) 572-5582   sales@support.hvs.com
    Datasafe Publications, Inc.  (800) 870-0004   sysop@dump.com
    Sirius Software              (888) 747-4872   sirius@gcomm.com
    Logicom, Inc.                (800) 764-4266   sysop@logicom.com
    ProDesign, Inc.              (800) 399-2640   sclement@nmol.com
    Majorware, Inc. (Canada)     (800) 321-3774   info@mjw.com
    Online Store    (Europe)     +41/75-3736677   sysop@onlinestore.com


ABOUT VIRCOM

Vircom was incorporated in January 1994, with the mission to 
develop high quality and leading edge software for the online 
industry.  Since its inception, Vircom has distinguished itself 
through its commitment to the highest standards of technical 
support.  Its first product, MajorTCP/IP, was first released in 
April 1994 and has since sold over 1500 licenses.


VIRCOM CAN BE REACHED AT:

	Telephone                (514) 990-2532
	Fax                      (514) 523-6990
	MajorNet                 sales@GMS
	Internet                 sales@vircom.com
	WWW                      http://www.vircom.com
