AdventureComm Software - General Announcement
September 4, 1998

All the MajorBBS and 3.0 Dos/3.1 Dos versions of the modules
you see here will be available for download from my Demo System
located at:  adventurecomm.com   They will not be available for 
download from the Galacticomm Demo System due to library size
restrictions.  We will support MBBS to WG 3.12 for all our modules.

Some modules are being worked on to be compatible to 3.12, these 
should be finished soon.

All the EzSoft modules have been converted to ADV modules.
For instance EzSoft Password Protection is now ADV Password Protection
and so on.  If you were a previous owner of an EzSoft version you will
receive a FREE upgrade for your system.  The only time this would not 
be the case is if you upgraded from MBBS to WG 3.0 or WG 2.0 to WG 3.0
there is a small charge for platform conversions, in accordance to Ed's old
policies.  As always, any bug fixes or patches are always free.  The only
time you will be charged is if there is major changes to the code such as a
C/S interface or an HTML interface and so on.

These modules have been converted.  If you would like to find out more
about a particular module from this list, look through advlist.txt.

Released - EzSoft==>ADV

ADV Announcer            ADV Demo Clean             ADV Picture Gram
ADV Advertiser             ADV Feedback                ADV Rename
ADV AFK                   ADV Freeline               ADV Rules
ADV Birthday Announcer            ADV Global Post           ADV Suspend
ADV Busy Notifier             ADV Invisible             ADV Sysop Lister
ADV Call Back              ADV Lines                ADV Telnet
ADV Class Change              ADV Log-on Lottery              ADV Text
ADV Colorize             ADV Logon Notifier                 ADV Trader
ADV Credit Alert              ADV NoGhost              ADV Waiting Room
ADV Credits              ADV Password Protection

Holding Pattern - 

ADV Time List             ADV Globals            ADV Vacation

ADV Credit Alert has had the Radius support removed from it so it would
be possible for others that don't have Radius servers to be able to at least
get a new copy.  It will have Radius support added to it in the future.  After
I return from the SysCon98 in Las Vegas in October, Radius support will
be added to a few modules.

ADV Time List is converted however there is serious problems with it and 
will not be released until the Radius and PPP problems are fixed.  These fixes
will also take place after I return from the Convention.

ADV Vacation will be released after I return from the convention also due to
minor problems with it.

ADV Globals will be released after I return from the convention also due to
minor problems with conversions from 2.0 to 3.0 which have not been
resolved yet.

Chinese Zodiac is not going to change except for a C/S interface and possibly
an HTML interface in the future.

Time and Date Changer will not change except for a C/S interface in the future.

Mancala will have actions added to the waiting room and doing game chat
area.  A list of people waiting in the Waiting room will also list who is waiting
there also in a future release.  Price will also increase to $65.00 at that time.  As
of now the module cost $50.00.  Anyone buying a version now will get the
newer versions for free.  There will also be a C/S interface made for the game
in Mid October and released.  Once the C/S version is released it will cost 
$100.00 for Mancala with A/A and C/S interface.  There will be a $25.00 upgrade
fee for those wanting the C/S interface.

E-mail Spy will be released in Mid-September.  A few changes are being made to
the source before it will be released.  I am going to try to make it where you could
look up a single users email if you want.  As of right now it allows you to view all
mail from everyone.  I know sometimes you might suspect only 1 user is possibly
sending pornographic or illegal material through your email.  This will allow you
to not have to go through all your users mail if you don't want to.  Once this 
feature is added the modules price will change from $80.00 to $100.00.  Anyone that
gets the module now would get that upgrade for free.

The  Mud Game.  I will have the Mud game out in Beta 
hopefully before I leave for the Convention.  Without revealing alot about the 
game I can only say that I have played alot of Mud games in the past and will
be putting the best of all ideas from the Muds I have played into this Mud.  I
have 5 beta systems that will be running this Mud before final release.  The
Mud will cost between 150 and 1000.  There will be versions for 2, 8, 16, 32, 64, 
128, and 256 users.  I have not decided on the prices for them yet.  More 
information will be released when it hits Mid Beta probably in Mid November.
I am hoping the Mud will be released early to Mid-December before the Holidays.


Other Modules.

I will be releasing alot of new modules in the future.  I can't stand converting and
porting because it takes up all the time that could be used in making new modules.
New modules will be made hopefully between 1 to 2 a month, starting in November.


The newest information will always be available on my Demo System located at:
Demo System:
adventurecomm.com

Webpage:
www.adventurecomm.com

You can also reach me via email:
brad@adventurecomm.com

MajorNet Node:
ADV

Development Forum:
MAJORBBS.DEV.ADV


Thanks,
Brad Farrell
AdventureComm Software

PS I would like to thank those that took the time to read this document in full.